I'm always excited when I see
an application from a TCNJ
grad come across my desk.
I know the effort that the college puts
in preparing students to enter
the workforce, specifically educators.
As an alum myself,
I remember the long period of time I spent
preparing for this,
and I'm seeing that work ethic is still
coming out of the students
coming out of TCNJ.
Those students are collaborative,
they're innovative,
they're creative.
They're willing to jump in and to try
things new in our classrooms.
They're not afraid of technology.
All of the things that we look
for in our future educators.
So any time I get an opportunity to hire
a graduate from this campus,
I'll jump on that opportunity.